{
"Name": "Shrimp Alfredo Pasta",
"Description": "This shrimp Alfredo pasta recipe is the perfect fast weeknight dinner!", 
"Ingredients": "Fettuccine pasta; Shrimp; Butter; Cream cheese; Heavy cream; Chicken broth; Garlic; Parmesan cheese", 
"Instructions":
["Step 1. Fill a large pot with water, add salt and wait for it to boil. Add the dried pasta. Stir until the water returns to a boil. Have it ready on the side", 
"Step 2. Add the butter, cream cheese, heavy cream, chicken broth, and garlic to a skillet over medium heat. Cook it for 5 minutes", 
"Step 3. Stir in the parmesan cheese and let it bubble for about a minute",
"Step 4. Add the shrimp and cook for 5-6 minutes",
"Step 5. Season to taste and toss with the pasta", 
"Step 6. Stir well together and add any seasoning, if you wish. Serve immediately."]
 }

{
"Name": "Sauteed Spinach",
"Description": "This spinach recipe is one of the best ways to cook spinach.",
"Ingredients": "Spinach; Extra virgin olive oil; Sliced garlic; Salt", 
"Instructions": 
["Step 1. Clean and prep the spinach", 
"Step 2. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet on medium high heat. Add the garlic and saute for about 30 seconds",
"Step 3. Add the spinach to the pan and cook. Cover the pan and cook for 1 minute. Uncover and turn the spinach over again. Repeat", 
"Step 4. Remove from heat and drain the excess liquid. Add a little more olive oil, if you wish. Then, sprinkle with salt to taste. Serve immediately."]
}

{
"Name": "Prosciutto And Melon",
"Description": "This appetizer is one of the easiest, amazingly delicious summer dish!", 
"Ingredients": "One cantaloupe; Prosciutto (Italian dry-cured ham); Balsamic glaze or quality honey for drizzling; Optional fresh herb garnish", 
"Instructions": 
["Step 1. Peel the melon, cut in half lengthwise, remove seeds, and slice it", 
"Step 2. Wrap each piece of cantaloupe with a slice of prosciutto",
"Step 3. Add Balsamic glaze or honey for drizzling on each slice", 
"Step 4. Optional: add fresh herb garnish or basil", 
"Step 5. Arrange on a platter and serve cold."]
}